An experimental grpc module graduation (#1472)
grafana/k6-docs: docs/sources/next/javascript-api/k6-experimental/grpc/_index.md

---
title: 'grpc'
excerpt: 'Experimental GRPC module'
weight: 02
---

# grpc

{{< docs/shared source="k6" lookup="experimental-grpc-module.md" version="<K6_VERSION>" >}}

The `k6/experimental/grpc` module is an extension of the [`k6/net/grpc`](https://grafana.com/docs/k6/<K6_VERSION>/javascript-api/k6-net-grpc). It provides a [gRPC](https://grpc.io/) client for Remote Procedure Calls (RPC) over HTTP/2.

> Prior k6 `v0.49` the key-difference between the two modules was streaming support, but it has been added to the `k6/net/grpc` module as well. We recommend using the `k6/net/grpc` module.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Starting on k6 v0.49, the `k6/net/grpc` module provides streaming support. We recommend using the `k6/net/grpc` module instead of `k6/experimental/grpc`.
```

Maybe an option to make this sentence easier to read.
